welcome to yet another preview of his
cigarette today preview revels Churchill
aviary Churchill bridge-laying tank in
176 scale now this is actually an old
reboxed matchbox set so it's pretty old
and the parts are here and the
instructions are there interest I found
rather bad actually
that's two pots and looks like this so
but I'll probably get to it and to look
at it parts we could take this brew with
British itself first pot seems very nice
detail of course sometimes hard to see
where pots begin so it is big hard to
get in it
it's nicely detailed kit actually like
we get it dirt there
it's an ejector pin mock just tearing
this plastic mulling is the best but
it's old and here you have it the top
hull looks nicely detailed and this a
lot hole no detail under unfortunately
some bags and the we use
there's some jerrycans I think there's
some more flows with that only that's
that will be on the inside so that looks
pretty nice and yeah you have like a
wheel rack so they did a road wheel
don't come just of the Burt Road parting
to yourself deck those to understand of
fit together
it's a Spanish Spanish nicely written
that's the exhaust exhaustion is due
soon not that well details then yeah it
can endure a box remove whose beams and
then the beam and the price itself of
all match box sets idea around that base
this will be the switch like a start of
destroyed bridge what part of stern beam
sticking up there with its anklets over
there and some craters this is about the
legs it's pretty small but yet very fast
and then you have the tracks made out of
winning they are are easily destroyed
extra who this you see there that's so
special
yeah they have much detail to be sold
and that special track terrorists this
current so it it's a lightweight
and the equals word and if vehicles we
just get this really because another
there but inside this warning things
mine dust the Eagles look nice
they would you get even a US dollar
sodium Mowgli to see us tank as well so
it's taught it on this as well until I
step back ever since I'm still setting
up the airbrush place but this kit I
would highly recommend it because sup
semi semi detail parts let the aroma
base our neighbor unique vehicle so the
doctor says gonna have included weight
in it too but that's probably optional
so thank me and goodbye